{"verses": ["Wherefore, when I came, there was no man; when I  called, yea, there was none to answer.   O house of Israel, is my hand shortened at all that it cannot redeem, or have I no power to deliver? Behold, at my rebuke I  dry up the  sea, I make their  rivers a wilderness and their  fish to stink because the waters are dried up, and they die because of thirst.", "I clothe the heavens with  blackness, and I make  sackcloth their covering.", "The Lord God hath given me the  tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season unto thee, O house of Israel.   When ye are weary he waketh morning by morning.   He waketh mine ear to hear as the learned.", "The Lord God hath opened mine  ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.", "I gave my back to the  smiter, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair.   I hid not my face from  shame and spitting.", "For the Lord God will help me, therefore shall I not be confounded.   Therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be  ashamed.", "And the Lord is near, and he  justifieth me.   Who will contend with me? Let us stand together.   Who is mine adversary? Let him come near me, and I will  smite him with the strength of my mouth.", "For the Lord God will help me.   And all they who shall  condemn me, behold, all they shall  wax old as a garment, and the moth shall eat them up.", "Who is among you that feareth the Lord, that obeyeth the  voice of his servant, that  walketh in darkness and hath no light?", "Behold all ye that kindle fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks, walk in the light of  your fire and in the sparks which ye have kindled.     This shall ye have of mine hand\u2014ye shall lie down in sorrow."], "book_name": "THE SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI", "summary": "Is aiah speaks Messianically\u2014Messiah shall have the tongue of the learned\u2014He shall give his back to the smiters\u2014He shall not be confounded\u2014Compare Isaiah 50.   Between 559 and 545 B.  C."}