{"verses": ["And he that will not take up his  cross and  follow me, and keep my commandments, the same shall not be saved.", "Behold, I, the Lord, command; and he that will not  obey shall be  cut off in mine own due time, after I have commanded and the commandment is broken.", "Wherefore I, the Lord, command and  revoke, as it seemeth me good; and all this to be answered upon the heads of the  rebellious, saith the Lord.", "Wherefore, I revoke the commandment which was given unto my servants  Thomas B.   Marsh and Ezra Thayre, and give a new commandment unto my servant Thomas, that he shall take up his journey speedily to the land of Missouri, and my servant Selah J.   Griffin shall also go with him.", "For behold, I revoke the commandment which was given unto my servants  Selah J.   Griffin and Newel Knight, in consequence of the  stiffneckedness of my people which are in Thompson, and their rebellions.", "Wherefore, let my servant Newel Knight remain with them; and as many as will go may go, that are contrite before me, and be led by him to the land which I have appointed.", "And again, verily I say unto you, that my servant Ezra Thayre must repent of his  pride, and of his  selfishness, and obey the former commandment which I have given him concerning the place upon which he lives.", "And if he will do this, as there shall be no divisions made upon the land, he shall be appointed still to go to the land of Missouri;", "Otherwise he shall receive the  money which he has paid, and shall leave the place, and shall be  cut off out of my church, saith the Lord God of hosts;", "And though the heaven and the earth pass away, these words shall not  pass away, but shall be fulfilled.", "And if my servant Joseph Smith, Jun.  , must needs pay the money, behold, I, the Lord, will pay it unto him again in the land of Missouri, that those of whom he shall receive may be rewarded again according to that which they do;", "For according to that which they do they shall receive, even in lands for their inheritance.", "Behold, thus saith the Lord unto my people\u2014you have many things to do and to repent of; for behold, your  sins have come up unto me, and are not  pardoned, because you seek to  counsel in your own ways.", "And your hearts are not satisfied.   And ye obey not the truth, but have  pleasure in unrighteousness.", "Wo unto you  rich men, that will not  give your substance to the  poor, for your  riches will canker your souls; and this shall be your lamentation in the day of visitation, and of judgment, and of indignation: The  harvest is past, the summer is ended, and my soul is not saved!", "Wo unto you  poor men, whose hearts are not broken, whose spirits are not contrite, and whose bellies are not satisfied, and whose hands are not stayed from laying hold upon other men\u2019s goods, whose eyes are full of  greediness, and who will not  labor with your own hands!", "But blessed are the  poor who are pure in heart, whose hearts are broken, and whose spirits are  contrite, for they shall see the  kingdom of God coming in power and great glory unto their deliverance; for the fatness of the  earth shall be theirs.", "For behold, the Lord shall come, and his  recompense shall be with him, and he shall  reward every man, and the poor shall rejoice;", "And their generations shall  inherit the earth from generation to generation, forever and ever.   And now I make an end of speaking unto you.   Even so.   Amen."], "more_summary": "1\u20132, The saints must take up their cross and follow the Lord to gain salvation; 3\u201313, The Lord commands and revokes, and the disobedient are cast off; 14\u201317, Wo unto the rich who will not help the poor, and wo unto the poor whose hearts are not broken; 18\u201320, Blessed are the poor who are pure in heart, for they shall inherit the earth.", "book_name": "Section", "summary": "Revelation given through Joseph Smith the Prophet, at Kirtland, Ohio, June 1831.   HC 1: 186\u2013188.   Ezra Thayre, who had been appointed to travel to Missouri with Thomas B.   Marsh (52: 22), was unable to start on his mission when the latter was ready.   Elder Thayre was not ready to depart on his journey because of his involvement in the problems at Thompson, Ohio.   See heading to Section 54.   The Lord answered the Prophet\u2019s inquiry on the matter by giving this revelation."}