{"verses": ["Hearken, O ye elders of my church whom I have called, behold I give unto you a commandment, that ye shall assemble yourselves together to  agree upon my word;", "And by the prayer of your faith ye shall receive my  law, that ye may know how to govern my  church and have all things right before me.", "And I will be your  ruler when I  come; and behold, I come quickly, and ye shall see that my law is kept.", "He that  receiveth my  law and  doeth it, the same is my disciple; and he that saith he receiveth it and  doeth it not, the same is not my disciple, and shall be  cast out from among you;", "For it is not meet that the things which belong to the children of the kingdom should be given to them that are not worthy, or to  dogs, or the  pearls to be cast before swine.", "And again, it is meet that my servant Joseph Smith, Jun.  , should have a  house built, in which to live and  translate.", "And again, it is meet that my servant Sidney Rigdon should live as seemeth him good, inasmuch as he keepeth my commandments.", "And again, I have called my servant  Edward Partridge; and I give a commandment, that he should be appointed by the voice of the church, and ordained a  bishop unto the church, to leave his merchandise and to  spend all his time in the labors of the church;", "To see to all things as it shall be appointed unto him in my laws in the day that I shall give them.", "And this because his heart is pure before me, for he is like unto  Nathanael of old, in whom there is no  guile.", "These words are given unto you, and they are pure before me; wherefore, beware how you hold them, for they are to be answered upon your  souls in the day of judgment.   Even so.   Amen."], "more_summary": "1\u20133, The elders shall govern the Church by the spirit of revelation; 4\u20136, True disciples will receive and keep the Lord\u2019s law; 7\u201312, Edward Partridge is named as a bishop unto the Church.", "book_name": "Section", "summary": "Revelation given through Joseph Smith the Prophet to the Church, at Kirtland, Ohio, February 4, 1831.   HC 1: 146\u2013147.   The Kirtland Branch of the Church at this time was rapidly increasing in numbers.   Prefacing this revelation the Prophet wrote: \u201cThe members were striving to do the will of God, so far as they knew it, though some strange notions and false spirits had crept in among them.  .  .   [and] the Lord gave unto the Church the following.  \u201d"}